Breeze: Automatically set CHOKIDAR_USEPOLLING for WSL users in --dev-mode (#57846) (#58080)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/03_contributors_quick_start.rst

             alt="Accessing local airflow">
      </div>

   **For WSL users:**

>     When running the React TypeScript UI with `breeze start-airflow --development`, you may need to enable polling for file change detection to make hot reloading work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When running the React TypeScript UI with `breeze start-airflow --dev-mode`, you may need to enable polling for file change detection to make hot reloading work properly.
```

>     When running the React TypeScript UI with `breeze start-airflow --development`, you may need to enable polling for file change detection to make hot reloading work properly.

Reviewer: Actually - this should be automated rather than documented. It should be possible to detect in breeze if WSL2 environment is used and set this variable automatically when  --dev-mode is used. This way the docs will be shorter and people would not have to worry about it.

Can you please attempt to do so instead?

Author: Thanks @potiuk! That’s a great suggestion — automating this in Breeze definitely makes more sense.
I’ll modify the start-airflow logic to detect WSL2 (using platform.uname().release) and automatically set CHOKIDAR_USEPOLLING=true when --dev-mode is used.

Once that’s done, I’ll remove the documentation note and update the PR accordingly. 👍
